Tutorial about using event handlers and substitutions in launch files (#2094)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Tutorials/Launch-Files/Using-Event-Handlers-and-Substitutions.rst

                        TimerAction(
                            period=2.0,
                            actions=[change_background_r_conditioned],
                        )
                    ]
                )
            ),
            RegisterEventHandler(
                OnProcessExit(
                    target_action=turtlesim_node,
                    on_exit=[
                        LogInfo(msg=(EnvironmentVariable(name='USER'),
                                ' closed the turtlesim window')),
                        EmitEvent(event=Shutdown(
                            reason='Window closed'))
                    ]
                )
            ),
            RegisterEventHandler(
                OnShutdown(
                    on_shutdown=[LogInfo(
                        msg=['Launch was asked to shutdown: ',
                            LocalSubstitution('event.reason')]
                    )]
                )
            ),
        ])

2.1 Usage of substitutions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In the ``example.launch.py`` file, ``turtlesim_ns``, ``use_provided_red``, and ``new_background_r`` launch configurations and arguments are defined.

> ``LaunchConfiguration`` substitution allows to acquire the value of the launch argument in any part of the launch description.

Reviewer: This seems to be worded oddly to me. Maybe the following?

```suggestion
These ``LaunchConfiguration`` substitutions allow us to acquire the value of the launch argument in any part of the launch description.
```

Author: https://github.com/ros2/ros2_documentation/pull/2094/commits/1bbf45a8cd587b2f06fd1c6cd958728cc528214d

``DeclareLaunchArgument`` is used to define the launch argument that can be passed from the above launch file or from the console.

.. code-block:: python

    turtlesim_ns = LaunchConfiguration('turtlesim_ns')
    use_provided_red = LaunchConfiguration('use_provided_red')
    new_background_r = LaunchConfiguration('new_background_r')

    turtlesim_ns_launch_arg = DeclareLaunchArgument(
        'turtlesim_ns',
        default_value=TextSubstitution(text='turtlesim1')
    )
    use_provided_red_launch_arg = DeclareLaunchArgument(
        'use_provided_red',
        default_value=TextSubstitution(text='False')
    )
    new_background_r_launch_arg = DeclareLaunchArgument(
        'new_background_r',
        default_value=TextSubstitution(text='200')
    )

The ``turtlesim_node`` node with the ``namespace`` set to ``turtlesim_ns`` ``LaunchConfiguration`` substitution is defined.

.. code-block:: python

    turtlesim_node = Node(
        package='turtlesim',
        namespace=turtlesim_ns,
        executable='turtlesim_node',
        name='sim'
    )

> Afterwards, the ``ExecuteProcess`` action called ``spawn_turtle`` is defined with the corresponding ``cmd`` argument.
> It makes a call to the spawn service of the turtlesim node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Afterwards, the ``ExecuteProcess`` action called ``spawn_turtle`` is defined with the corresponding ``cmd`` argument and it makes a call to the spawn service of the turtlesim node.
```

Author: https://github.com/ros2/ros2_documentation/pull/2094/commits/1bbf45a8cd587b2f06fd1c6cd958728cc528214d
